Gitbook - What's off the table democratically in terms of Vision & Values? What are the non-negotiables people don't get to vote on / participate about. Do we need to be explicit about those bits? (I think so)

Is Colony part of the container (resolved yes, Miles to tackle)

=== New/unresolved ===

How to gauge enthusiasm/capacity to input without being like "how keen are you 1-5"?
Maybe we actually leave this out honestly. It puts people on the spot & is variable over time anyway.

Clarity: Do we want signatures to anything in particular? Code of Conduct?

Comms in Gitbook - 
	Getting Started - Who to list as PoC for "if you have any quizzes, questions or queries"
	Stuck? page - List email & cell # for telegram of Miles & Dean as points of contact

Note - wording change "the cornerstone of this collaboration" - boundary felt unclear


/ Wednesday
Typeform is at prefinal draft. Likely last round of input & corrections.
Code of Conduct - is this good? Those are actually our values, there is a more formal (and pretty dense) Code of Conduct in the Gitbook, how to weave this together (Getting Started will need updating as an outcome)

Typeform premium trial expires today. 
For smoother directing, premium allows a link-through button instead of the "again" button at the end.

End slide:
What social icons (they're restricted to f,tw,L'in)
Do we want end slide to speak along the lines of "thanks, we'll be in touch soon, you're not necessarily part of the family yet because we're so hip & exlusive" or "great, you begin deciding your own level of involvement now, we'll be in touch, but here's some stuff to get started if you want [<a>gitbook]"?

Gitbook:
Getting Started - Include Discord invite in the Gitbook or defer to typeform/personal invitation?
Add Miles' existing video here y/n?

Vision & Values 
	- Feels unfinished. Nice that it's short though honestly. Is something missing?

"Yes but what does it actually do"
	- This section probably has to go in the book, based on feedback from Miles' friend about the site. Need some images and a clear explanation (can link your excisting video here also Miles...).
	- I probably need a hand with this bit. 

Overview
	- Copy of existing roadmap please?
	- What else if anything should go here

Governance (Dare to Dao)
	- need link for MoU.

MoU to DAO
	- I think this would be better as a "Key links" page. What really needs to go on here yknow? A link and maybe 1 sentence.

Stuck? Go here
	- ACTION: Miles to get Dean a cashless email?



OUTCOMES:
Dean rework Start page
Miles get Dean a Cashless email
Miles provide link to MoU
Miles to help writing "What's it do"?

Side notes:
Copy on the website might need changing. Act as your own bank - "See our whitepaper". Whitepaper's coming it's not going to be ready for several months _optimistically_ (Prove me wrong Miles ;-). 